Project Details
Name: Please note that your project name shouldn’t have any punctuation, as this causes issues with the url.
Avatar: Pick an avatar for your project. This will represent your project on the Zooniverse home page.
Background: This image will be the background for all of your project pages.
Description: This should be a one-line call to action for your project. This will display on your landing page and, if approved, on the Zooniverse home page. [NOTE: have we settled how description is displaying across the site?]
Introduction: Add a brief introduction to get people interested in your project. This will display on your landing page.
Volunteers choose workflow: Your project might have multiple workflows. Check this to let volunteers select which workflow they want to to work on; otherwise, they’ll be served randomly.
Private project: On “private” projects, only users with specified project roles can see or classify on the project.

Collaborators
Collaborator: Collaborators can edit workflows and project content.
Expert: Experts can enter “gold mode” to make authoritative gold standard classifications that will be used to validate data quality.
Scientist: Members of the science team so that  will be marked as scientists on “Talk"
Moderator: Moderators  will be marked as moderators on “Talk"
Tester: ?
Translator: Translators will have access to the translation site?

Workflow
Workflow title: A workflow is a collection of tasks that will be tied to a given set of subjects (images).
Version: Version indicates which version of the workflow you are on. Every time you save changes to a workflow, you create a new version.
Main Text: *change* “Is this the first question” to “Ask your first question here."
Help Text: Add text and images for a pop-up help window. This is formatted with markdown.
Associated subject sets: Choose the set of images you want to use for this workflow.
Subject retirement: How many people should see each image before it is retired?
Multiple Choice: Check this box if users more than one answer can be selected.
Required: Check this box if this question has to be answered before proceeding.
Set-up details: change the text on this button to: “Sub-task” and add help text: “Ask users a question about what they’ve just drawn."
